Add package to test whether value is a startcase string (#612)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/assert/is-startcase/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2022 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# isStartcase

> Test if a value is a startcase string.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var isStartcase = require( '@stdlib/assert/is-startcase' );
```

#### isStartcase( value )

> Tests if a `value` is a startcase `string`, where the first character of each word is uppercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests if a `value` is a startcase `string` (i.e., the first character of each word is uppercase).
```
